git/cygwin-packages/2048-cli.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/2048-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/GConf2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ORBit2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/OpenColorIO.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/OpenSP.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL2_image.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL2_mixer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL2_net.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL2_ttf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL_Pango.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL_gfx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL_image.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL_mixer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL_net.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL_sound.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/SDL_ttf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/Thunar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/WindowMaker.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/XtoW.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/a2ps.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/a52dec.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/abiword.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/abiword-docs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/accerciser.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/activity-log-manager.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/adobe-source-sans-pro-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/adobe-source-serif-pro-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/adwaita-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/adwaita-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aften.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aiksaurus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/akonadi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/akonadi-calendar-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/alacarte.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/alarm-clock-applet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/alef-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/alexandria.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/alkimia5.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/analitza.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/anjuta.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/anjuta-extras.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ansible.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/anthy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/appres.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/appstream.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/appstream-glib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aqbanking.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/argon2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ark.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/artikulate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/arts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/artwiz-aleczapka-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ascii.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/asciinema.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-ar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-bn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-en.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-es.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-fr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-he.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-hi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-it.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-pa.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-pt_BR.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-pt_PT.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-ru.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-vi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/aspell-yi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/asymptote.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/at-spi2-atk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/at-spi2-core.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/atk1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/atkmm1.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/atomix.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/atool.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/atril.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/attica.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/audacious.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/audacious-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/audacity.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/audiofile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/autoconf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/autoconf-archive.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/autoconf2.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/autoconf2.5.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/autogen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automake.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automake1.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automake1.11.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automake1.12.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automake1.13.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automake1.14.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automake1.15.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automake1.16.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automake1.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automake1.9.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/automoc4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/autossh.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/avahi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/avogadro.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ayatana-ido3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ayatana-indicator-application.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/babl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/baobab.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/bash-completion.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/bc.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/bdftopcf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/beefy-miracle-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/beforelight.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/biber.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/bidiv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/bind.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/binutils.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/bitmap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/bitstream-vera-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/blinken.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/bogofilter.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/bomber.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/boost.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/botan1.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/bovo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/breeze.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/breeze-gtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/breeze-icons.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/brotli.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/build-docbook-catalog.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/buildbot-worker.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/byacc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/bzip2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/bzr-fastimport.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/c-ares.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ca-certificates.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cairo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cairomm1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/caja.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/caja-extensions.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/caja-follow-symlink.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/caja-python.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/caladea-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/calf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/calligra.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/calligraplan.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/calm.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/cantarell-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cantata.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cantor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/caribou.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/carlito-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/celestia.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/celt051.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cervisia.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cfitsio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cgit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/check.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/chemical-mime-data.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/chm2pdf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/chmlib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/choqok.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/chromaprint.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clamav.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clamav-db-daily.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clamav-db-main.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clang.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clinfo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clisp.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/cln.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clutter-gst2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clutter-gst3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clutter-gtk0.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clutter-gtk1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/clutter1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cocom.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cogl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/colm.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/compiler-rt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/connectagram.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/constantine-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/convertall.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/corebird.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cpio.git Corinna+Vinschen
git/cygwin-packages/cppunit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/crypto-policies.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ctl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ctpl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/culmus-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/curl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cutemaze.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cvs2svn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin.git Corinna+Vinschen
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin-x-doc.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin32.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin32-binutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin32-default-manifest.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin32-gcc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin32-gettext.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin32-libbfd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin32-libiconv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin32-libtool.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin32-w32api-headers.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin32-w32api-runtime.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin64.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin64-binutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin64-default-manifest.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin64-gcc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin64-gettext.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin64-libbfd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin64-libiconv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin64-libtool.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin64-w32api-headers.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/cygwin64-w32api-runtime.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/d-feet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/datefudge.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dateutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dblatex.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dbus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dbus-glib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dconf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dconf-editor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dcraw.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ddd.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/deja-dup.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dejagnu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dejavu-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/desktop-backgrounds-basic.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/desktop-backgrounds-waves.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/desktop-file-utils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/devhelp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dia.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dia-shapes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dialog.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/discus.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/djgpp-binutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/djgpp-gcc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/djgpp-runtime.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/djview.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/djvulibre.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dmalloc.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/dmtx-utils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dnsperf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-dsssl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-sgml30.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-sgml31.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-sgml40.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-sgml41.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-sgml42.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-sgml43.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-sgml44.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-sgml45.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-utils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-xml-simple10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-xml-simple11.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-xml412.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-xml42.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-xml43.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-xml44.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-xml45.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-xsl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook-xsl-ns.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/docbook2X.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dolphin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dolphin-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dosbox.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/dotconf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/doxygen.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/dragon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/duplicity.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/e2fsimage.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/e2fsprogs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/easytag.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ebook-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/editres.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/eekboard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/eigen2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/eigen3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/emacs.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/emacs-auctex.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/empathy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/enca.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/enchant.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/engrampa.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/eog.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/eog-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/eom.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/eom-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/epiphany.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/esound.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/espeak.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/evince.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/evolution.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/evolution-data-server.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/evolution-ews.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/exempi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/exif.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/exiv2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/exo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/expect.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/extra-cmake-modules.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f21-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f22-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f23-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f24-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f25-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f26-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f27-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f28-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f29-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f2c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/f30-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/faience-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/farstream0.2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fbpanel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fbxkb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fcgi.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/fdk-aac.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fdkaac.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/feh.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ffcall.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/file.git Corinna+Vinschen
git/cygwin-packages/file-roller.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/filelight.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/filemanager-actions.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/filezilla.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fish.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/five-or-more.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/flexdll.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/flite.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fltk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fluidsynth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fluxbox.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/focuswriter.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/folks.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/font-util.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fontawesome-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fontconfig.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fontforge.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fonttosfnt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fort77.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/four-in-a-row.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/free42.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/freeglut.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/freerdp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/freerdp1.2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/freetds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/freetype2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fribidi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/frogr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fslsfonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fstobdf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/fvwm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/galculator.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/game-music-emu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gamin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/garcon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gcab.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/gcc.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/gccmakedep.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gconfmm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gcr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gd.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/gdb.git Corinna+Vinschen
git/cygwin-packages/gdbm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gdk-pixbuf2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gdl3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/geany.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/geany-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gedit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gedit-code-assistance.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gedit-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gegl0.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/geoclue.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/geocode-glib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/geoipupdate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/geomview.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/gettext.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gexiv2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gfbgraph0.2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ghex.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ghostscript.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/ghostscript-fonts-other.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/giflib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gigolo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gimp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gimp-help.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/girara.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/git-archive-all.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gitg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gjs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glabels.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glade.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glade2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glade3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gle.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glew.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glib1.2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glib2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glib2.0-networking.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glib2.0-openssl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glibmm2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/glw.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gmic.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gmime2.6.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/gmime3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gmpc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gmpc-libnotify.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gmpc-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gmult.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-activity-journal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-applets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-autoar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-calculator.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-calendar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-characters.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-chess.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-clocks.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-code-assistance.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-commander.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-common.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-contacts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-control-center.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-desktop.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-devel-docs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-dictionary.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-directory-thumbnailer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-doc-utils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-epub-thumbnailer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-exe-thumbnailer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-flashback.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-font-viewer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-getting-started-docs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-js-common.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-keyring.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-klotski.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-kra-ora-thumbnailer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-mahjongg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-menus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-mime-data.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-mines.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-nds-thumbnailer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-nibbles.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-online-accounts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-online-miners.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-panel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-python.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-python-desktop.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-python-extras.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-recipes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-robots.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-screenshot.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-session.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-settings-daemon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-sudoku.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-system-log.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-system-monitor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-taquin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-terminal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-tetravex.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-themes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-themes-standard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-todo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-tweak-tool.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-user-docs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-user-share.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-vfs2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-vfsmm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-weather.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome-xcf-thumbnailer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnome2048.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnu-free-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnucash.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnucash-docs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnuchess.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnumeric.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gnutls.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gob2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gobby.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gobby0.5.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gobject-introspection.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/goddard-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/goffice0.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/goffice0.8.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gom.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gonvert.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/goocanvas.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/goocanvas2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/goocanvasmm2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/google-breakpad.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/gottet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gpaste.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gpgme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gpicview.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/grace.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/granatier.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/grantlee5.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/graphite2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/graphviz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/grilo0.3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/grilo0.3-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gsasl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gsettings-desktop-schemas.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gsl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gsm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gsmartcontrol.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gsound.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gspell.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gst123.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gstreamer1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gstreamer1.0-editing-services.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gstreamer1.0-plugins-bad-free.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gstreamer1.0-plugins-base.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gstreamer1.0-plugins-espeak.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gstreamer1.0-plugins-good.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gstreamer1.0-plugins-ugly-free.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gstreamer1.0-python.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gstreamer1.0-rtsp-server.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gthumb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtk-doc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtk-vnc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtk1.2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtk1.2-engines.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtk2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtk2.0-engines.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtk2.0-engines-murrine.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtk2.0-engines-smooth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtk3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtkglarea2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtkglext1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtkimageview.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtkmathview.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtkmm2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtkmm3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtksourceview2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtksourceview3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtksourceviewmm3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtkspell.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtkspell3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtranslator.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gtypist.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/guake.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gucharmap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gvfs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gweled.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gwenhywfar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/gwenview.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hamster-time-tracker.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/harfbuzz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/heisenbug-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/help2man.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hexalate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hexchat.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hicolor-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/highlight.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hitori.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/homebank.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hspell.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/html2ps.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/htmldoc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/httpd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/httpd-mod_dnssd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/httpie.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-ar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-bn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-de.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-es.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-fr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-hi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-pa.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-pl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-pt_BR.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-pt_PT.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-ru.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-vi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hunspell-yi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/hyphen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/iagno.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-anthy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-chewing.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-gucharmap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-handwrite.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-hangul.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-input-pad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-kkc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-m17n.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-pinyin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-skk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-typing-booster.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ibus-unikey.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/iceauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ico.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/icon-naming-utils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/icu.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/id3lib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/id3v2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/idfpml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/iec16022.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ilmbase.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/im-chooser.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/imake.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/imlib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/imlib2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/imlib2_loaders.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/imsettings.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/inconsolata-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/indicator-keylock.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/inkscape.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/input-pad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/intltool.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/iso-codes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/isoquery.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/itstool.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/jansson.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/jasper.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/jbig2dec.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/jbigkit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/jq.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/js-mathjax.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/js185.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/json-c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/json-glib1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/judy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/juffed.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/juk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kactivitymanagerd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kajongg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kalgebra.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kalzium.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kanagram.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kanjistrokeorders-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kapman.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kapow.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kapptemplate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kasumi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kate4.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/katomic.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kblackbox.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kblocks.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kbounce.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kbrickbuster.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kbruch.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kcalc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kcharselect.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kchmviewer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kcolorchooser.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kcron.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdb3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kde-cli-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kde-dev-scripts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kde-dev-utils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kde-gtk-config.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kde-runtime.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdeaddons.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdebase3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdebugsettings.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdecoration2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdeedu-data.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdegames3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdegraphics-mobipocket.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdegraphics-thumbnailers.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdelibs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdelibs3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdepim-apps-libs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdeplasma-addons.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdesdk-kioslaves.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdesdk-thumbnailers.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdesvn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdevplatform.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdiagram.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdialog.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdiamond.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kdiff3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/keditbookmarks.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kelbt.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/kexi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/keybinder.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/keybinder3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-akonadi-calendar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-akonadi-contacts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-akonadi-mime.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-akonadi-notes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-akonadi-search.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-attica.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-baloo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-baloo-widgets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-calendarsupport.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-eventviews.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-frameworkintegration.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-gpgmepp.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-grantleetheme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-incidenceeditor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kactivities.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kactivities-stats.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kalarmcal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kapidox.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-karchive.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kblog.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kbookmarks.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kcalcore.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kcalutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kcmutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kcodecs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kcompletion.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kconfig.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kconfigwidgets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kcontacts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kcoreaddons.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kcrash.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kdav.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kdbusaddons.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kdeclarative.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kded.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kdelibs4support.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kdesignerplugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kdesu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kdewebkit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kdnssd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kdoctools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kemoticons.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kfilemetadata.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kglobalaccel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kguiaddons.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kholidays.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-khtml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-ki18n.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kiconthemes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kidentitymanagement.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kidletime.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kimageformats.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kimap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kinit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kio-extras.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kirigami.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kirigami2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kitemmodels.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kitemviews.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kjobwidgets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kjs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kjsembed.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kldap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kmailtransport.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kmbox.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kmediaplayer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kmime.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-knewstuff.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-knotifications.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-knotifyconfig.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kontactinterface.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kpackage.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kparts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kpeople.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kpimtextedit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kplotting.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kpty.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kross.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kross-interpreters.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-krunner.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kservice.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-ksmtp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-ktexteditor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-ktextwidgets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-ktnef.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kunitconversion.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kwallet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kwidgetsaddons.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kwindowsystem.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kxmlgui.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-kxmlrpcclient.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libgravatar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libkcddb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libkdcraw.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libkdegames.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libkdepim.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libkexiv2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libkgeomap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libkipi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libkleo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libkmahjongg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libkscreen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-libktorrent.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-mailimporter.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-pimcommon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-plasma.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-prison.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-qqc2-desktop-style.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-solid.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-sonnet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-syndication.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-syntax-highlighting.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kf5-threadweaver.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kfind.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kfourinline.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kgeography.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kget.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kgoldrunner.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kgpg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/khangman.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/khelpcenter.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/khotkeys.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/khronos-opengl-registry.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/kid3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kig.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kigo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/killbots.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kimagemapeditor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kinfocenter.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kiriki.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kiten.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kjumpingcube.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/klavaro.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/klettres.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/klickety.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/klines.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kmag.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kmahjongg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kmenuedit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kmines.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kmix.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kmousetool.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kmouth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kmplot.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kmymoney.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/knavalbattle.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/knetwalk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kolf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kollision.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kolourpaint.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kompare.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/konqueror.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/konquest.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/konsole.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/konsole4.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/konversation.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kpat.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kproperty3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kqtquickcharts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/krb5.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/krb5-auth-dialog.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/krdc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/krename.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kreport3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kreversi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/krfb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/krita.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kruler.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kscreen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kshisen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ksirk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ksnakeduel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kspaceduel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ksquares.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ksshaskpass.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kstars.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ksudoku.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ksysguard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ksystemlog.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kteatime.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ktimer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ktoblzcheck.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ktorrent.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ktouch.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ktuberling.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kturtle.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kubrick.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kwalletmanager5.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kwave.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kwebkitpart.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kwin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kwordquiz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/kwrited.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ladspa-blop.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ladspa-bs2b.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ladspa-caps.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ladspa-cmt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ladspa-njl-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ladspa-pvoc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ladspa-sdk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ladspa-swh-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ladspa-vcf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lame.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lasem0.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/latex2rtf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/latexila.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/laughlin-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lcms2.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/leafpad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lensfun.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lftp.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/libFS.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libICE.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libIDL2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libLASi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libSM.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libX11.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXScrnSaver.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXau.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXaw.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXaw3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXcomposite.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXcursor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXdamage.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXdmcp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXext.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXfixes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXfont.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/libXfont2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXft.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXinerama.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXmu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXpm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXpm-noX.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/libXrandr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXrender.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXres.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libXtst.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libabw0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libalkimia.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/libarchive.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libargp.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/libart_lgpl_2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libass.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libasyncns.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libayatana-appindicator.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libayatana-indicator.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libbinio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libbonobo2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libbonoboui2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libbs2b.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcaca.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcanberra.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcddb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcdio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcdio-paranoia.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcdr0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libchamplain0.12.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libchewing.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcroco0.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcryptui.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcue.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcuefile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcxx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libcxxabi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdaemon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdatrie.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdbi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdbi-drivers.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdbusmenu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdbusmenu-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdmapsharing3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdmtx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdmx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdvdnav.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libdvdread.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libe-book0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libelf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libeot.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libepoxy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libepubgen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/liberation-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libesmtp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libetonyek0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libev.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libevent.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libexif.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libf2c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libffi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libfilezilla.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libfm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libfm-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libfontenc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libfreehand0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgadu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgcrypt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgda5.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgdamm5.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgdata.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgee.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgee0.8.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgit2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgit2-glib1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libglade2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libglademm2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgnome-games-support.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgnome-keyring.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgnome2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgnomecanvas2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgnomecanvasmm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgnomekbd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgnomemm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgnomeui2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgnomeuimm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgpg-error.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgrss.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgsf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgtop2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgucharmap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgweather.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libgxps.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libhangul.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libical.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libiconv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libid3tag.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libidn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libidn2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libimagequant.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libinfinity0.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libiodbc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libiptcdata.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libisocodes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libjpeg-turbo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libkdegames.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libkeduvocdocument.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libkkc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libkkc-data.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libkomparediff2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libksysguard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/liblangtag.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/liblqr1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/liblrdf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/liblxqt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmatekbd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmatemixer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmateweather.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmediaart2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmediainfo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmetalink.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmikmod.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmodplug.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmpd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmpdclient.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmpeg2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmspub0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmusicbrainz5.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmwaw0.3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libmypaint.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libnfs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libnice.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libnotify.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libnsl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libntlm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/liboauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libodfgen0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libofx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libopenmpt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libopenraw.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libosinfo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libotf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libpagemaker0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libpaper.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libpeas.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libpng.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libpng12.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libpqxx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libproxy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libpsl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libpst.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libqalculate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libqt5xdg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libquvi0.9.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libquvi0.9-scripts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libqxp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libraw.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libreplaygain.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/librest0.7.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/librevenge0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/librsvg2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/librvngabw0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libsamplerate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libsecret1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libshout.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libsidplayfp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libsigc2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libskk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libsndfile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libsodium.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libsolv.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/libsoup2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libspectre.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libspiro.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libsrtp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libssh.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libssh2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libstaroffice0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libstatgrab.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libtasn1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libthai.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libtiger.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libtimidity.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libtirpc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libtool.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libtxc_dxtn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libuninameslist.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libunique1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libunique3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libupnp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libusb-win32.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libusb1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libverto.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libvirt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libvirt-glib1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libvisio0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libvncserver.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libvoikko.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libvpx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libwebp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libwnck.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libwnck3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libwpd0.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libwpg0.3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libwps0.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxcb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxcrypt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxcwm.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/libxfce4ui.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxfce4util.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxfcegui4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxkbcommon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxkbfile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxklavier.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxml2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxmp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libxslt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libytnef.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libzapojit0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libzeitgeist1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libzen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libzip.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/libzmf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lightsoff.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lighttpd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/link-grammar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/linux-libertine-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/listres.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/llvm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/llvm3.5.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/lmdb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lndir.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/login.git Corinna+Vinschen
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-assamese-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-bengali-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-devanagari-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-gujarati-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-gurmukhi-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-kannada-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-malayalam-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-marathi-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-nepali-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-odia-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-tamil-classical-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-tamil-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lohit-telugu-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lokalize.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/loudmouth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lovelock-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lrzip.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lskat.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-bit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-crypto.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-json.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-ldap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-lfs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-lgi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-logging.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-lpeg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-luadoc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-lxp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua-socket.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lua5.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/luajit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/luit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lv2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lv2-swh.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxappearance.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxappearance-obconf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxde-common.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxde-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lximage-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxinput.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxmenu-data.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxpanel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-about.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-build-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-config.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-globalkeys.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-l10n.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-notificationd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-openssh-askpass.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-panel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-qtplugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-runner.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-session.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxqt-themes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxsession.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxtask.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lxterminal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/lz4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/m17n-db.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/m17n-lib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mDNSResponder.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/madplay.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mailutils.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/makedepend.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/malaga.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/man-db.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/marble.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/marco.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mariadb-connector-c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mariadb-connector-odbc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/marisa.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-applets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-calc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-common.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-control-center.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-desktop.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-indicator-applet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-media.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-menus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-notification-daemon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-panel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-session-manager.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-settings-daemon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-system-monitor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-terminal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-themes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-user-guide.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-user-share.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mate-utils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mcpp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mdbtools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mdds1.2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/meanwhile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mediainfo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/meld.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/menu-cache.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mesa.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mesa-demos.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/meson.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/metacity.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/midori.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/milou.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-CUnit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-ORBit2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL2_image.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL2_mixer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL2_net.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL2_ttf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL_image.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL_mixer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL_net.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL_sound.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-SDL_ttf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-a52dec.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-aalib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-adwaita-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-aften.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-atk1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-atkmm1.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-audiofile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-babl0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-binutils.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-boost.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-botan1.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-bzip2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-c-ares.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-cairo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-cairomm1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-celt051.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-cfitsio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-chromaprint.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-clutter-gst3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-clutter-gtk1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-clutter1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-cogl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-cppunit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-crypt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-curl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-db.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-dbus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-dbus-glib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-djvulibre.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-dlfcn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-editline.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-enca.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-enchant.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-exiv2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-expat.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-fdk-aac.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-fftw3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-flac.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-fltk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-fluidsynth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-fontconfig.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-freeglut.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-freetds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-freetype2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-fribidi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-game-music-emu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gcc.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gconf2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gconfmm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gdbm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gdk-pixbuf2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gdl3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gegl0.2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gettext.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-giflib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-glew.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-glib2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-glib2.0-networking.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-glibmm2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-glm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gmp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gnome-mime-data.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gnome-themes-standard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gnome-vfs2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gnome-vfsmm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gnutls.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-goffice0.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-goffice0.8.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-goocanvas.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-goocanvas2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-goocanvasmm2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-google-breakpad.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gsettings-desktop-schemas.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gsl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gsm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gstreamer1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gstreamer1.0-editing-services.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gstreamer1.0-plugins-bad-free.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gstreamer1.0-plugins-base.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gstreamer1.0-plugins-good.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gstreamer1.0-plugins-ugly-free.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gstreamer1.0-rtsp-server.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtk-vnc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtk2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtk3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtkglext1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtkmm2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtkmm3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtksourceview2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtksourceview3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtksourceviewmm3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtkspell.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gtkspell3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-gts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-harfbuzz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-headers.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-hicolor-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-hunspell.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-icu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-id3lib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-ilmbase.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-isl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-iso-codes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-jasper.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-jbigkit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-json-c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-json-glib1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-kqoauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-lame.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-lapack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-lasem0.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-lcms2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libIDL2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libLASi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libXpm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libabw0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libao.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libarchive.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libart_lgpl2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libass.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libatomic_ops.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libbonobo2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libbonoboui2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libbs2b.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libcaca.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libcddb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libcdio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libcdio-paranoia.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libcdr0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libcroco0.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libcue.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libdbusmenu-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libdmapsharing3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libdv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libdvdnav.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libdvdread.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libe-book0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libebml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libepoxy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libepubgen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libetonyek0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libevent.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libexif.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libffi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libfreehand0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgcrypt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgda5.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgdamm5.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgdata.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgee.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgee0.8.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgit2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libglade2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libglademm2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgnome2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgnomecanvas2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgnomecanvasmm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgnomemm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgnomeui2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgnomeuimm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgnurx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgpg-error.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libgsf1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libid3tag.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libidn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libidn2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libimagequant.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libjpeg-turbo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libkate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-liblangtag.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-liblqr1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libmad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libmatroska.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libmikmod.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libmng.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libmodplug.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libmpc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libmspub0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libmwaw0.3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-liboauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libodfgen0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libogg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libopenmpt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libpagemaker0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libpng.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libproxy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libpsl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libqxp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libraw.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-librest0.7.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-librevenge0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-librsvg2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-librvngabw0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libsamplerate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libshout.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libsidplayfp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libsndfile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libsodium.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libsolv.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libsoup2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libssh2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libstaroffice0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libtasn1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libtheora.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libtiger.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libunistring.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libusb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libusb1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libvirt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libvisio0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libvorbis.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libvpx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libwebp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libwmf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libwpd0.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libwpg0.3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libwps0.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libxml2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libxslt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libzip.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-libzmf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-llvm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-lua.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-lz4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-lzo2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-mDNSResponder.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-mariadb-connector-c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-mdbtools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-mpfr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-mpg123.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-musepack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-ncurses.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-neon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-nettle.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-nghttp2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-nspr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-nss.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-openal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-opencv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-openexr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-openjpeg2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-openssl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-opus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-opusfile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-orc0.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-p11-kit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-pango1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-pangomm1.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-pcre.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-pcre2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-pixman.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-poppler.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-popt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-portablexdr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-portaudio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-postgresql.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qca.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qimageblitz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qscintilla2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt4-qmake.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-activeqt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-base.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-canvas3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-charts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-datavis3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-declarative.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-gamepad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-graphicaleffects.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-imageformats.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-location.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-multimedia.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-networkauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-qt3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-quickcontrols.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-quickcontrols2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-remoteobjects.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-script.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-scxml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-serialport.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-speech.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-styleplugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-svg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-virtualkeyboard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-webchannel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-webkit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-websockets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-winextras.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5-xmlpatterns.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-qt5ct.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-readline.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-runtime.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-shared-mime-info.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-soundtouch.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-speex.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-speexdsp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-spice-gtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-sqlite3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-taglib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-tcl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-tiff.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-tk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-twolame.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-unbound.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-usbredir.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-wavpack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-webkitgtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-widl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-wildmidi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-win-iconv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-windows-default-manifest.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-winpthreads.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-wv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-wxWidgets2.8.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-wxWidgets3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-xerces-c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-xz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-yaml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-zeromq.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-zlib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-i686-zziplib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-CUnit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-ORBit2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL2_image.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL2_mixer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL2_net.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL2_ttf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL_image.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL_mixer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL_net.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL_sound.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-SDL_ttf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-a52dec.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-aalib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-adwaita-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-aften.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-atk1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-atkmm1.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-audiofile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-babl0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-binutils.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-boost.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-botan1.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-bzip2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-c-ares.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-cairo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-cairomm1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-celt051.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-cfitsio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-chromaprint.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-clutter-gst3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-clutter-gtk1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-clutter1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-cogl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-cppunit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-crypt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-curl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-db.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-dbus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-dbus-glib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-djvulibre.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-dlfcn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-editline.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-enca.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-enchant.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-exiv2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-expat.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-fdk-aac.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-fftw3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-flac.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-fltk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-fluidsynth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-fontconfig.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-freeglut.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-freetds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-freetype2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-fribidi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-game-music-emu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gcc.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gconf2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gconfmm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gdbm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gdk-pixbuf2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gdl3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gegl0.2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gettext.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-giflib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-glew.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-glib2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-glib2.0-networking.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-glibmm2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-glm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gmp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gnome-mime-data.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gnome-themes-standard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gnome-vfs2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gnome-vfsmm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gnutls.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-goffice0.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-goffice0.8.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-goocanvas.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-goocanvas2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-goocanvasmm2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-google-breakpad.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gsettings-desktop-schemas.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gsl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gsm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gstreamer1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gstreamer1.0-editing-services.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gstreamer1.0-plugins-bad-free.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gstreamer1.0-plugins-base.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gstreamer1.0-plugins-good.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gstreamer1.0-plugins-ugly-free.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gstreamer1.0-rtsp-server.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtk-vnc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtk2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtk3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtkglext1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtkmm2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtkmm3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtksourceview2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtksourceview3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtksourceviewmm3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtkspell.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gtkspell3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-gts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-harfbuzz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-headers.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-hicolor-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-hunspell.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-icu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-id3lib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-ilmbase.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-isl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-iso-codes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-jasper.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-jbigkit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-json-c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-json-glib1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-kqoauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-lame.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-lapack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-lasem0.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-lcms2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libIDL2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libLASi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libXpm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libabw0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libao.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libarchive.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libart_lgpl2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libass.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libatomic_ops.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libbonobo2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libbonoboui2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libbs2b.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libcaca.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libcddb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libcdio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libcdio-paranoia.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libcdr0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libcroco0.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libcue.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libdbusmenu-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libdmapsharing3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libdv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libdvdnav.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libdvdread.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libe-book0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libebml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libepoxy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libepubgen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libetonyek0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libevent.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libexif.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libffi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libfreehand0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgcrypt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgda5.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgdamm5.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgdata.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgee.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgee0.8.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgit2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libglade2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libglademm2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgnome2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgnomecanvas2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgnomecanvasmm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgnomemm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgnomeui2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgnomeuimm2.6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgnurx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgpg-error.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libgsf1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libid3tag.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libidn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libidn2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libimagequant.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libjpeg-turbo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libkate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-liblangtag.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-liblqr1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libmad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libmatroska.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libmikmod.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libmng.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libmodplug.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libmpc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libmspub0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libmwaw0.3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-liboauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libodfgen0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libogg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libopenmpt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libpagemaker0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libpng.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libproxy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libpsl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libqxp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libraw.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-librest0.7.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-librevenge0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-librsvg2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-librvngabw0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libsamplerate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libshout.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libsidplayfp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libsndfile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libsodium.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libsolv.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libsoup2.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libssh2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libstaroffice0.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libtasn1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libtheora.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libtiger.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libunistring.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libusb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libusb1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libvirt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libvisio0.1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libvorbis.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libvpx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libwebp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libwmf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libwpd0.10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libwpg0.3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libwps0.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libxml2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libxslt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libzip.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-libzmf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-llvm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-lua.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-lz4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-lzo2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-mDNSResponder.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-mariadb-connector-c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-mdbtools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-mpfr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-mpg123.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-musepack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-ncurses.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-neon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-nettle.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-nghttp2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-nspr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-nss.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-openal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-opencv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-openexr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-openjpeg2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-openssl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-opus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-opusfile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-orc0.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-p11-kit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-pango1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-pangomm1.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-pcre.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-pcre2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-pixman.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-poppler.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-popt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-portablexdr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-portaudio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-postgresql.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qca.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qimageblitz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qscintilla2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt4-qmake.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-activeqt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-base.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-canvas3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-charts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-datavis3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-declarative.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-gamepad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-graphicaleffects.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-imageformats.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-location.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-multimedia.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-networkauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-qt3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-quickcontrols.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-quickcontrols2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-remoteobjects.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-script.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-scxml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-serialport.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-speech.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-styleplugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-svg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-virtualkeyboard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-webchannel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-webkit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-websockets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-winextras.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5-xmlpatterns.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-qt5ct.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-readline.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-runtime.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-shared-mime-info.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-soundtouch.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-speex.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-speexdsp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-spice-gtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-sqlite3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-taglib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-tcl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-tiff.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-tk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-twolame.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-unbound.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-usbredir.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-wavpack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-webkitgtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-widl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-wildmidi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-win-iconv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-windows-default-manifest.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-winpthreads.git Jonathan+Yong
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-wv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-wxWidgets2.8.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-wxWidgets3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-xerces-c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-xz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-yaml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-zeromq.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-zlib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mingw64-x86_64-zziplib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/minuet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mkcomposecache.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mkfontdir.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mkfontscale.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mm-common.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/monotone.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/motif.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mousepad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mousetweaks.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mozjs24.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mozo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mp4v2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mpc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mpd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mpg123.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/msitools.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/mtr.git Brian+Inglis
git/cygwin-packages/multitail.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/muparser.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/musepack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mutter.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mypaint.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mypaint-brushes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/mysql.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nano.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nas.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nautilus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ncmpc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ncmpcpp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ncompress.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ncurses.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nedit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/net6.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/netpbm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nettle.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nfrotz.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/nfs-server.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nghttp2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nginx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ninja.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/nosleep.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/notification-daemon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/noto-cjk-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/noto-emoji-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/noto-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/novprog.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nspr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nss.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/nx-libs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/obby.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/obconf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/obconf-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-calendar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-camlp4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-camlp5.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-camomile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-cppo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-csv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-ctypes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-curses.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-extlib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-facile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-fileutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-findlib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-gettext.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-integers.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-lablgl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-lablgtk2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-labltk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-libvirt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-ocamlbuild.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-ounit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-result.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-topkg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocaml-xml-light.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ocl-icd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/oclock.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/odbc-psql.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/odbc-sqlite3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/okteta.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/okteta4.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/okular.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/openal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/openbabel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/openbox.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/opencv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/openexr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/openexr_ctl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/openexr_viewers.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/openjade.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/openjpeg2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/openssl.git Corinna+Vinschen
git/cygwin-packages/openssl10.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/openwsman.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/opus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/opus-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/opusfile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/orage.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/orc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/orpie.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/osinfo-db.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/osinfo-db-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/osslsigncode.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/ots.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/overpass-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/oxygen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/oxygen-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/oxygen-icons.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/p11-kit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/palapeli.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/paman.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pamixer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pango1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pangomm1.4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pangox-compat.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/paprefs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/par2.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/parley.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/parole.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pasystray.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pavucontrol.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pavumeter.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pcmanfm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pcmanfm-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pcre.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pcre2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pdf2djvu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pdfgrep.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/peg-e.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Alien-wxWidgets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Archive-Zip.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Authen-SASL.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Authen-SASL-XS.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-CGI.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Cairo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Cairo-GObject.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Class-Singleton.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Clone.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-DBD-SQLite.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-DBD-mysql.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-DBI.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Date-Manip.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-DateTime.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-DateTime-Locale.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-DateTime-TimeZone.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Digest-HMAC.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Digest-SHA1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Encode-Locale.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-ExtUtils-Depends.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-ExtUtils-PkgConfig.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-ExtUtils-XSpp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-File-Listing.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Finance-Quote.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Font-TTF.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-GD.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-GStreamer1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Glib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Glib-Object-Introspection.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gnome2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gnome2-Canvas.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gnome2-GConf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gnome2-Rsvg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gnome2-VFS.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gnome2-Vte.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gnome2-Wnck.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gtk2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gtk2-GladeXML.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gtk2-Notify.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gtk2-SourceView2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gtk2-Spell.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gtk2-Unique.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gtk2-WebKit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Gtk3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-HTML-Element-Extended.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-HTML-Parser.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-HTML-TableExtract.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-HTML-Tagset.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-HTML-Tree.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-HTTP-Cookies.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-HTTP-Daemon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-HTTP-Date.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-HTTP-Message.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-HTTP-Negotiate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-IO-Socket-IP.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-IO-Socket-SSL.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-LWP-MediaTypes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-MIME-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-MailTools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Math-Int64.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Module-Implementation.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Module-Pluggable.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Module-Runtime.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Module-ScanDeps.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Net-HTTP.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Net-SSLeay.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-OpenGL.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-PAR.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-PAR-Dist.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-PAR-Packer.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Pango.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Params-Util.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Params-Validate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Proc-ProcessTable.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-SGMLSpm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Socket.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Term-ReadLine-Gnu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Text-CharWidth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Text-WrapI18N.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-TimeDate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Tk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Tk-Canvas-GradientColor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Tk-ColoredButton.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Tk-EntryCheck.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Tk-Getopt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Tk-Pod.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-URI.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-WWW-RobotRules.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Win32-API.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Win32-GUI.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-Wx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-XML-DOM.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-XML-LibXML.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-XML-Parser.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-XML-RegExp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-XML-SAX.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-XML-SAX-Base.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-XML-Simple.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-XML-XPath.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-YAML.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/perl-libxml-perl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/phodav.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/phonon.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/phonon-backend-gstreamer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/php.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/php-PEAR.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/picmi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pidgin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pidgin-facebook.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pidgin-funyahoo-plusplus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pidgin-indicator.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pidgin-skypeweb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pinfo.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/pixman.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pkgconf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/planet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/plasma-desktop.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/plasma-integration.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/plasma-pa.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/plasma-sdk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/plasma-workspace.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/plasma-workspace-wallpapers.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ploticus.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/pluma.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pluma-plugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pngnq.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/po4a.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pocl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/podofo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/poedit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/poppler.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/poppler-data.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/popt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/portaudio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/portmidi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/potrace.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/poxml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/psiconv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/publicsuffix-list.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pulseaudio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/putty.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-alabaster.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-appdirs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-asn1crypto.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-attrs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-automat.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-babel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-backports.shutil_get_terminal_size.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-backports.ssl_match_hostname.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-beautifulsoup.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-boto.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-bs4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-bsddb3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-bugzilla.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-cairo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-certifi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-cffi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-chardet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-chm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-clang.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-cloudfiles.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-commonmark.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-constantly.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-crypto.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-cryptography.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-cython.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-dbus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-decorator.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-docutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-dropbox.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-enchant.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-enum34.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-fastimport.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/python-faulthandler.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-feedparser.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-future.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/python-futures.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-gi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-gobject.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-goocanvas.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-gtk2.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-gtksourceview2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-html5lib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-htmltmpl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-httplib2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-hyperlink.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-idna.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-imagesize.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-imaging.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-incremental.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-ipaddr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-ipaddress.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-ipython.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-ipython_genutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-isodate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-jinja2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-jmespath.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-libvirt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-lockfile.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-lxml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-mako.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-markupsafe.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-musicbrainzngs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-mutagen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-mx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-nose.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-ntlm-auth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-numpy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-odf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-opengl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-opengl-accelerate.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-openssl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-orbit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-packaging.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-passlib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pathlib2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pbr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pexpect.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pickleshare.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pip.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-ply.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-prompt_toolkit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-ptyprocess.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pyasn1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pyasn1-modules.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pyatspi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pycparser.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pygame.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pygments.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pylast.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pynotify.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pyparsing.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pypdf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pypsrp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pyqt4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pyqt5.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pyqt5-qt3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pyqt5-qtchart.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pyqt5-qtdatavisualization.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pyrex.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-pytz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-rdflib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-recommonmark.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-reportlab.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-requests.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-requests_ntlm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-rsa.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-scandir.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-service_identity.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-setuptools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-simplegeneric.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-simplejson.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-sip.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-six.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-snowballstemmer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-sphinx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-sphinx-notfound-page.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-sphinx_rtd_theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-sphinxcontrib-websupport.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-sqlalchemy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-traitlets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-twisted.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-typing.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-unidecode.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-urllib3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-virtualenv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-wcwidth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-webencodings.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-webkit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-wheel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-whoosh.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-winrm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-wx.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-xdg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-xmltodict.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-yaml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-zmq.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python-zope.interface.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python2-doc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python35.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python35-doc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python36.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python36-doc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python37.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python37-doc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/python38.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/pyzy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qca.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qimageblitz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qmmp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qmmp-plugin-pack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qmpdclient.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qoauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qpdfview.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qqwing.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qrencode.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qscintilla2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt-gstreamer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-base.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-canvas3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-charts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-datavis3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-declarative.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-doc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-gamepad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-graphicaleffects.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-imageformats.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-location.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-multimedia.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-networkauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-qgnomeplatform.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-qt3d.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-quickcontrols.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-quickcontrols2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-remoteobjects.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-script.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-scxml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-serialport.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-speech.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-styleplugins.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-svg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-translations.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-virtualkeyboard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-webchannel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-webkit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-webkit-examples.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-websockets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-x11extras.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5-xmlpatterns.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qt5ct.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qterminal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qtermwidget.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/quadrapassel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/qupzilla.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/quvi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ragel.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/raptor2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/raqm.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/rarian.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rasqal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/redland.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/remmina.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rendercheck.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rgb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ristretto.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/robodoc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rocs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rodent-icon-theme.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rpcbind.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rpcsvc-proto.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rstart.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-actioncable.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-actionmailer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-actionpack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-actionview.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-activejob.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-activemodel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-activerecord.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-activerecord-deprecated_finders.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-activesupport.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-arel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-atk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-bcrypt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-bindex.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-binding_of_caller.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-builder.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-byebug.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-cairo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-cairo-gobject.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-clutter.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-clutter-gdk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-clutter-gstreamer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-clutter-gtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-coffee-rails.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-coffee-script.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-coffee-script-source.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-columnize.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-concurrent-ruby.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-crass.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-curses.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-dbus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-debug_inspector.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-did_you_mean.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-erubi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-erubis.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-execjs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-gdk3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-gdk_pixbuf2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-gettext.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-gio2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-glib2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-globalid.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-gobject-introspection.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-goocanvas1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-goocanvas2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-gstreamer1.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-gtk2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-gtk3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-gtksourceview2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-gtksourceview3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-hike.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-hitimes.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-hoe.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-hpricot.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-htmlentities.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-i18n.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-imagesize.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-jbuilder.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-journey.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-jquery-rails.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-kgio.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-listen.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-locale.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-loofah.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-mail.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-marc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-method_source.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-mime-types.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-mime-types-data.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-minitest.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-molinillo.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-multi_json.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-mysql2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-native-package-installer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-net-http-persistent.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-net-telnet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-nio4r.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-nokogiri.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-oj.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-pango.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-pg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-pkg-config.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-polyglot.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-poppler.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-power_assert.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-puma.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-racc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rack-cache.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rack-ssl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rack-test.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rails.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rails-deprecated_sanitizer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rails-dom-testing.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rails-html-sanitizer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-railties.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-raindrops.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rake.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rake-compiler.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rdoc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rdtool.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-redis.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-rsvg2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-sass.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-sass-listen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-sass-rails.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-sdoc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-sprockets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-sprockets-rails.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-sqlite3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-syck.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-test-unit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-text.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-thor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-thread_safe.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-tilt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-timers.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-tk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-treetop.git ORPHANED
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-turbolinks.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-turbolinks-source.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-tzinfo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-uglifier.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-unicorn.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-vte.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-vte3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-web-console.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-webkit-gtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-webkit-gtk2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-websocket-driver.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-websocket-extensions.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-xmlrpc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-yajl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ruby-zoom.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rubygems.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rxvt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/rxvt-unicode.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/s2tc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/savi.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/schroedinger-cat-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/scite.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/scowl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/screen.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/screenruler.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/scribus.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sdparm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/seahorse.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sessreg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/setxkbmap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sg3_utils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sgml-common.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/shapelib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/shared-mime-info.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/showfont.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sidplayfp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/simsu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sj-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/skkdic.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/skrooge.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/slv2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/smpeg.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/smpeg2.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/smproxy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/snappy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sng.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/snownews.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sobby.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/socat.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/sound-theme-freedesktop.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/soundfont-fluid.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/soundtouch.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/source-highlight.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sox.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/soxr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/spectacle.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/speech-dispatcher.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/spherical-cow-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/spice.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/spice-gtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/spice-protocol.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sqlcipher.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sqliteman.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sshpass.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/startup-notification.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/stellarium.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/step.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/stow.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/strigi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/stunnel.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/suomi-malaga.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/sushi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/svgpart.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/svm.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/sweeper.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/swell-foop.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/swig.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/symbola-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/systemsettings.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/t1utils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/taglib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/taglib-extras.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tali.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tanglet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tcl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tcl-itcl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tcl-itk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tcl-iwidgets.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tcl-tix.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tcl-tk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tcl-togl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tdb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/teckit.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/telepathy-farstream.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/telepathy-gabble.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/telepathy-glib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/telepathy-haze.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/telepathy-idle.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/telepathy-logger.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/telepathy-mission-control.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/telepathy-qt.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tellico.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tepl3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/terminus-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/testing.git Cygwin
git/cygwin-packages/tetzle.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/texinfo.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-basic.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-basic-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-bibtexextra.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-bibtexextra-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-binextra.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-binextra-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-context.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-context-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-fontsextra.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-fontsextra-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-fontsrecommended-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-fontutils.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-fontutils-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-formatsextra.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-games.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-humanities.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-humanities-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langarabic.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langchinese.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langcjk.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langcyrillic.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langczechslovak.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langenglish.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langeuropean.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langfrench.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langgerman.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langgreek.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langitalian.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langjapanese.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langkorean.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langother.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langpolish.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langportuguese.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-langspanish.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-latex.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-latex-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-latexextra.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-latexextra-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-latexrecommended.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-latexrecommended-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-luatex.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-luatex-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-mathscience.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-mathscience-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-metapost.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-metapost-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-music.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-music-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-pictures.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-pictures-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-plaingeneric.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-plaingeneric-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-pstricks.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-pstricks-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-publishers.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-publishers-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-xetex.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/texlive-collection-xetex-doc.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/tidy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tiff.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tigervnc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/time.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/totem.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/totem-pl-parser.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tracker.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tracker-miners.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/transmission.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/transmission-remote-gtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/transset.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/trayer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ttf2pt1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ttfautohint.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tumbler.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/twm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/twolame.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/tzcode.git Corinna+Vinschen
git/cygwin-packages/tzdata.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/uchardet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/ufraw.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/umbrello.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/unbound.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/unfs3.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/unicode-cldr-emoji-annotation.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/unicode-ucd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/unifont.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/unison2.51.git Andrew+Schulman
git/cygwin-packages/units.git Brian+Inglis
git/cygwin-packages/unzip.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/upower.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/urw-base35-fonts.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/usbredir.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/usbutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/util-linux.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/vala.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/vcdimager.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/verne-backgrounds.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/viewres.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/vim.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/vinagre.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/vino.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/virt-manager.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/virt-top.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/virt-viewer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/vte.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/vte2.91.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/vttest.git Brian+Inglis
git/cygwin-packages/wavpack.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/wcslib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/webkitgtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/webrtc-audio-processing.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/wildmidi.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/wmctrl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/writerperfect.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/wv.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/wxWidgets2.8.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/wxWidgets3.0.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/x11perf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/x11vnc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xapian-bindings.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xapian-core.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xapps.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xarchiver.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xauth.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xbiff.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xbitmaps.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xboard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcalc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcb-proto.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcb-util.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcb-util-cursor.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcb-util-image.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcb-util-keysyms.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcb-util-renderutil.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcb-util-wm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcftools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xchm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xclipboard.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xclock.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcmsdb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcompmgr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xconsole.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcursor-themes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xcursorgen.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xdbedizzy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xdg-user-dirs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xdg-user-dirs-gtk.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xdg-utils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xditview.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xdpyinfo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xedit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xerces-c.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xev.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xeyes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xf86-video-dummy.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xf86-video-nested.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xf86-video-qxl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce-themes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-appfinder.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-calculator-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-clipman-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-cpugraph-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-dev-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-dict.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-embed-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-equake-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-eyes-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-genmon-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-indicator-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-mailwatch-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-mpc-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-notes-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-notifyd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-panel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-places-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-screenshooter.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-session.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-settings.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-smartbookmark-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-taskmanager.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-terminal.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-time-out-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-timer-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-verve-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-weather-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-whiskermenu-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-wmdock-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfce4-xkb-plugin.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfconf.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfdesktop.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfontsel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xforms.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/xfs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfsinfo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfwm4.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xfwm4-themes.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xgc.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xhost.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xinit.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xinput.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xkbcomp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xkbevd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xkbprint.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xkbutils.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xkeyboard-config.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xkill.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xlaunch.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/xload.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xlogo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xlsatoms.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xlsclients.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xlsfonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xmag.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xman.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xmessage.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xmh.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xmlsec1.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xmlto.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xmltoman.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xmodmap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xmon.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/xmore.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xmp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xorg-cf-files.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xorg-docs.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xorg-scripts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xorg-server.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/xorg-server-cygwin-crashreporter.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/xorg-sgml-doctools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xorg-util-macros.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xorg-x11-fonts.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xorgproto.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xpad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xpdf.git Ken+Brown
git/cygwin-packages/xplanet.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xplayer.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xplayer-plparser.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xpr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xprop.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xrandr.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xrdb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xrefresh.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xscope.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xsd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xsel.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xset.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xsetroot.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xsettingsd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xsm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xstdcmap.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xterm.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xtrans.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xview.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/xwd.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xwin-xdg-menu.git Jon+Turney
git/cygwin-packages/xwininfo.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xwud.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xxdiff.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/xz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/yad.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/yajl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/yakuake.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/yaml.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/yaz.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/yelp.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/yelp-tools.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/yelp-xsl.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zathura.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zathura-cb.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zathura-djvu.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zathura-pdf-poppler.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zathura-ps.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zbar.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zeitgeist.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zenity.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zeromq.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zim.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zinnia.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zinnia-tomoe.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zint.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zip.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zlib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/zziplib.git Yaakov+Selkowitz
git/cygwin-packages/_update-info-dir.git Ken+Brown
